And The Last Lecture we created our core module the first basic words of offered.
Now let's have a look at all the providers down here.
Now I warned you about how important it is to not put them into shared modules but that you made distribute
them over multiple modules which may change how they are provided.
If you add them to a lazy loaded module for example with that information in mind what we can do is
we can basically copy all providers year or kept them from year from the module and put them into the
core module add providers.
Your and well add all these services here not just structured as our model lines.
And I just want to highlight again what this does is add the imports at the top as a side note.
What this does is it still provides you one in the same instance of each of these services in your whole
application.
Because as I showed on the sleights angular will merge them together as long as the core module is loaded
eagerly.
And it is loaded eagerly.
We import the tier so that restructuring really just serves the purpose of keeping our app macho lean.
And you don't have to do that but it is a good practice.
We can now remove providers from the app module because we don't have any.
We can remove these imports because we don't use the types in this module here or anywhere else.
And therefore indecorum watch all you had to add all these imports.
So now the app should just work like before but with a leaner app module which is always a good practice.
There's one special service this off guard here this off guard is also provide that application wide.
But if we take a closer look at our specific app here we recognize that the only place where we use
the off guard is indeed recipe's routing module here.
When we add can activate off guard that's the only place where we use off guard.
Now in your application that might be different.
And then the following instructions won't apply anymore.
But if that's the case then you really only use a service in one module and nowhere else and you still
can provide it application wide and that's not wrong.
But you can also remove it from here from the core module and therefore from the root inject or make
sure to always remove the import and now only imported any recipe's routing module because that is where
you use it.
So here we can now providers we can add providers and import deep off guard.
Make sure to also add the import.
If you didn't have it already though you should have it already because you used to type here before.
With that we provide a service indeed recipe's routing module.
And the important thing about this of course is that now we added more code which will only be loaded
easily.
So that's a tiny improvement we achieved by well only loading it here.
And again it only makes a difference because we load this module lazy otherwise it would all be merged
into the root inject or anyways.
So with that we added providers to the recipe's routing module and as a side note guards are basically
the only services you should ever add to something routing module over services which you might only
use in the recipe section should go into the rest of his module not into the respites routing module
but since the guard is only related to routing here is a nice place to define it and that's just a semantical
thing.
It's not influencing how that gets injected since it's all in the child feature module.
You're bad.
It's just how you should structure your code.
So with that if I now saved us again we should still have a working application.
Let's see if that's true.
Looks good.
I can't Wisden use recipes so my guard still seems to be working.
If I do log in though now I can visit it.
So that is all working just like before.
All the 40 added Routier So the guard is still working but now we restructured this and were successfully
using a core module and changed the way we provide our services